okay. Staying focused could be difficult for me. Sometimes I tend to have
what I think of as my monkey mind where I'm doing one thing. And
then it's like, um squirrel eso. I found that when I'm getting that
way, when I'm getting really distractible, usually that's a sign that
I need Thio. Either drink a glass of water or I need to eat something
or you just need to move around for a little while. So that's the
first thing I do when I find myself getting really distract. Easily
distracted is I'll try to address something like that. Um, if I'm
having trouble focusing, maybe because I'm just not really interested
in what I'm doing right then, um, that could be a little bit harder.
And in that case, what I like to do is I like Thio set a timer for
myself. Um, this is sometimes called the Pomodoro technique, and
you can look up. You can look it up on Google. It's It's a very easy
technique where you essentially have you write down a list, a list
of tasks, and then you literally set a timer for yourself and you just
say I'm going to get much done is I can, in this amount of time and
the time could be whatever you want it to be. It could be an hour.
It could be less. Um, but I usually set a timer for an hour, and I
just say, I'm gonna work for an hour. I'm going to get us much as I
could get done. And when the timer goes off, I'm going to take some
time off. Um, and a Zoff. It is not. What I find is that by the time
the timer goes off, I've kind of found my flow again, and I'm into
what I'm doing and then I don't want to stop. Thank you.